PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy followed by “moccaliving.com” is with accordance to the mandatory rules provided by Greek and European legislation.
“moccaliving.com” is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
“moccaliving.com” takes measures to secure the private information (physical or electronic) provided by every client during their visit and interaction with this website. “moccaliving.com” will not use these information for purposes other that the above mentioned in this page.
Privacy Policy rules for our clients may differ. Please check the “Terms and Conditions” section.

COLLECTABLE INFORMATION
If you become interested about our services or you are about to close an agreement with us, we may collect your name and occupation, contact info and address, demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests as long as other information relevant to customer surveys and offers.
These information might be used for Internal record keeping We may use the information to improve our products and services, to periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information and finally for market research purposes. Of course we guarantee that we will never sell your information.

SECURITY
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

INFORMATION RETRIEVAL
If you wish to be informed about the information we keep about you as a client or prospect, or if you want us to delete or modify these information you can send us a request using our contact information appeared in our website.

CHANGES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FAQS
The present terms and conditions are subjects to change. We withhold the right to change these terms without any prior notice. Therefore, we strongly suggest that you read these terms and conditions and the FAQs for updates amendments, every time you are visiting or you are about to make any contractual agreement. In case of change of these terms and FAQs the applicable are these one which existed by the time of the signing of the contract. Golden Apple is obliged to keep copies of all the amendments to these terms and conditions. The client is also obliged to keep a printed copy of the terms existing by the time of the signing of the contract.
